Make embedded path reproducible (#7087)
microsoft/CCF: CMakeLists.txt

include(GNUInstallDirs)

> # Use project directory name instead of absolute path for reproducible builds
> get_filename_component(REPRO_DIR ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR} NAME)
> add_compile_options("-ffile-prefix-map=${CCF_DIR}=${REPRO_DIR}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use fixed name instead of absolute path for reproducible builds
add_compile_options("-ffile-prefix-map=${CCF_DIR}=CCF")
```

I think we should hard-code this. It's possible to check-out this repo to a folder with any name - locally I have CCF checkouts in `~/1.CCF`, `~/2.CCF` etc. The current approach embeds that parent folder name in the resulting binary (ie - I have `-ffile-prefix-map=/home/edashton/1.CCF=1.CCF` in the resulting build commands). Although all sensible builds will probably be in a root directory named `CCF`, I don't think we should rely on that, and should instead insist that _wherever_ you build, the paths in the binaries are rooted at `CCF/`.

Author: That makes sense. I didn't think about those cases
